Chapter 20

1. In Java, you build up user interfaces by adding componenets into containers such as panels. Each container has its
   own layout manager, which determines how components are laid out.
   User-Interface components are arranged by placing them inside containers. Containers can be placed inside larger
   containers.
   Each container has a layout manager that directs the arrangement of its components.
   Three userful layout managers are the border layout, flow layout, and grid layout.

2. By default, a JPanel uses a flow layout which simply arranges its components from left to right and starts a new row 
   when there is no more room in the current row. The border layout groups conponenets into five areas: center, north,
   south, west, and east. Each area can hold a single componenet, or it can be empty.The grid layout manager arranges 
   components in a grid with a dixed number of rows and columns. All componenents are resized to same width and height.

3. The content pane of a frame has a border layout by default. A panel has a flow layout by default.
   When adding a component to a container with the border layout, specify the NORTH, SOUTH, WEST, EAST, or CENTER position.
   For example:
      panel.add(component, BorderLayout.NORTH);
   When creating a grid layout, first supply the number of rows and columns in the constructor, then add the components,
   row by row from left to right.

4. As you add more user-interface components to a frame, the frame can get quite complex. Your programs will become easier
   to understand when use inheritance for complex fram by design a subclass of JFrame and store the componenets as instance
   variables in the constructor of the subclass as initialized.

5. By default, components have zero width and height

6. Programmers can combine two classes by adding the main method to the frame classes.

7. Use a JTexttFiled component for reading a signle line of input. Place a JLabel next to each text field.

8. A graphical user interface is made up of components such as buttons and text fields. The Swing library uses contains
   and layout managers to arrange these components. 

9. A frame contains a menu bar. The menu bar contains menus. A menu contains submeanus and menu items.

10. Menu items generate action events.
